---
title: "Small Group Discussion"
date: 2020-11-05T21:57:41-08:00
draft: false
toc: true
---
## Preface

We have recently lived through two elections, our provincial election and the
US election and by the time we meet it seems likely that we will not fully know
who the next President of the US will be. I would love to have a general,
high-level conversation about people's experiences with the relationship
between church and politics. I'm not looking to discuss the merits of specific
parties or platforms. I recognize that even saying the words church and
politics together will make some people quite nervous so I hope to find a way
frame this conversation in a way that will allow people to engage without fear
of how others might react. First I think it would be good to start with a
general check-in.

## Check-in and prior personal experience

How have people been experiencing this time, specifically regarding the
provicial and US elections? Maybe the elections haven't really factored into
your life and there have been more pressing concerns, maybe the uncertainty of
potential results have kept you up at night. What has it been like and where
are you at presently?

What expectations were you given around what it meant to be a Christian as it
relates to politics? How have those expectations changed over time?

What is it about politics that makes it such a difficult topic for people to
discuss in a healthy way? What are some effective strategies for having more mutually beneficial political conversations?

## Bakerview church

Anabaptists historically have tended to err on the side of disengaging from the
political systems around them and evangelicals (particularly in North America)
seem to have a tendancy of being very politically engaged, especially when it
comes to certain social or moral issues. As someone who does not have a lot of
history with Bakerview church I'm curious to hear how this church has typically
chosen to engage or disengage from the political conversations happening around
us.

Do people here wish that this church was more or less politically engaged? Any
examples of what that might look like?

## Christ, Christianity, Christendom,

How should Christian churches engage with political discussion? An example from
this past summer was the Black Lives Matter protests. Is this a conversation
that is best left for individuals to sort out themselves or is there a healthy
way for institutions to vocalize and push for specific positions? How could
this be done in a way that doesn't alienate members of opposing political
tribes?

Jesus seemed to be a pretty polical figure in his day but at the same time, he
rejected so many of messianic expectations regarding the overthrowal of Roman
occupation. What are some examples of what this type of unique perpective might look
like today?
