---
title: "Things Worth Sharing #1"
date: 2020-04-26T10:21:28-07:00
draft: false
toc: false
images:
tags:
  - links
---

Since I don't have any content for this site yet and I would like to get some
practice putting articles together, I have an idea for a series I could do. I
use an RSS reader called tmux to collect articles from a variety of different
places that I find interesting. Every day I look through this list and pick out
a handful of headlines that look interesting. My idea is to share these
articles along with a brief explanation for why I enjoyed them. Maybe this will
turn into something more regular, we'll see.

## [The Good Guy/Bad Guy Myth](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-good-guy-bad-guy-myth?utm_source=pocket-newtab)

This article points out that the majority of the stories western culture tends
to tell in modern times deal in a simplistic dichotomy between the good side
and the bad side. The interesting thing about this is that stories and myths
have not always been told using these clearly delineated moral lines. The
author uses several examples from history to show that stories used to be told
differently and then argues that the reason our stories became what they are
today is to serve a specific political purpose.

Modern stories, the author posits, are designed to encourage and reinforce the
concept of the separate nation states pitted against each other. Listeners of
these stories are taught to view the world through the lens of us against them.
It is a form of othering that separates humanity into camps of allies that can
be trusted and enemies that must be destroyed.

## [The Pandemic is bringing us closer to our robot takeout future](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2020/04/the-pandemic-is-bringing-us-closer-to-our-robot-takeout-future/)

A report detailing the recent increase in demand for groceries to be delivered
directly to people's homes and a few companies that seem to be getting close to
having autonomous robots that can fill that need. I would love to have this
become a reality but the city I live in is likely not densely populated enough
to make it a viable market for something like this. Once there are full sized
autonomous cars that can be designed to make grocery deliveries, then I think
that there is some better potential. If groceries could be reliably delivered
to my door, I'm not sure I would need a car anymore. That would be really nice.
